README.md, before:

## "The Idol of Doom"
An Epicodus group project.

<!-- ## Features
The user starts out in a looking at an ancient stone monolith. The user is presented with four direction arrows to navigate the game area. -->

## Technologies
HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, and Twitter BootStrap.

## Usage

To view the source files for the project navigate to [https://github.com/botzmatt/text-RPG-group](https://github.com/botzmatt/text-RPG-group).

To play the game as a general user, navigate to [https://botzmatt.github.io/text-RPG-group](https://botzmatt.github.io/text-RPG-group).


## Specifications
The user starts out in a looking at an ancient stone monolith. The user is presented with four direction arrows to navigate the game area at the bottom left of the screen. Once the user clicks on a direction arrow, the description in the top of the user game area updates with new location information. Below the descriptions area is another paragraph that may populate with information pertaining to a trap, special event or item. The user is given attributes at random and starts at a health of 10. The user is also giver a counter for how many moves they have used to reach the part of the game that they are in. While navigating the game map is necessary for completing the game, it can also be hazardous to their health and attributes.


## Known Bugs

#0.1
At this point the project is a work in progress. The game itself has a minimum viable product to navigate the game map, reach the requisite number of items needed to complete the game and the ability for the user to perish if they take too long to complete the tasks.


## Authors
Stephen Emery, J. Ryan Conklin, Matt Botz and Scott Scholz.

##License
This work is listed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Edit features in readme.md and final description.

README.md, after:

## "The Idol of Doom"
An Epicodus group project.

## Features
A game where user finds 3 gems to win the game!

## Technologies
HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, and Twitter BootStrap.

## Usage

To view the source files for the project navigate to [https://github.com/botzmatt/text-RPG-group](https://github.com/botzmatt/text-RPG-group).

To play the game as a general user, navigate to [https://botzmatt.github.io/text-RPG-group](https://botzmatt.github.io/text-RPG-group).


## Specifications
The user starts out in a looking at an ancient stone monolith. The user is presented with four direction arrows to navigate the game area at the bottom left of the screen. Once the user clicks on a direction arrow, the description in the top of the user game area updates with new location information. Below the descriptions area is another paragraph that may populate with information pertaining to a trap, special event or item. The user is given attributes at random and starts at a health of 10. The user is also giver a counter for how many moves they have used to reach the part of the game that they are in. While navigating the game map is necessary for completing the game, it can also be hazardous to their health and attributes.


## Known Bugs

#0.1
At this point the project is a work in progress. The game itself has a minimum viable product to navigate the game map, reach the requisite number of items needed to complete the game and the ability for the user to perish if they take too long to complete the tasks.


## Authors
Stephen Emery, J. Ryan Conklin, Matt Botz, and Scott Scholz.

##License
This work is listed under the MIT License.
